I want you to get on your knees and apologize
Luo Xueqi
With me
Miss, I have been a nanny in your hometown for 15 years
I was afraid that you would take her
Dad, what are you doing?
Stop playing the emotional card for me here
The fault of raising a godmother or not
You miss it so unbearable now
You're to blame as a mother
The eldest lady has been gracious
This nanny is still talking nonsense
What dignity can a nanny's daughter have?
You beggar lowly people
It's ridiculous, you all shut up for me
Mom, let's go home
Walk home
Don't be so childish, okay?
Either you kneel down for me today
Either you two leave the arena
If I leave Jiangcheng
I will never see my daughter again
We can leave Jiangcheng
What are you doing?
I'm going to Miss Dare, you don't want Mr. Wang
Things between us
Why are you bullying my mother?
Lin Hong, have you thought about it?
My world is precious
Mom, don't believe what he says, he believes it.
As long as you let go
Mom, stop kneeling. Mom